Add missing spaces in the README (#215)
kafka-rust/kafka-rust: README.md

## Documentation

- This library is primarily documented through examples in its [API documentation](https://docs.rs/kafka/).

> - Documentation about Kafka itself can be found at [its project home page](http://kafka.apache.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documentation about Kafka itself can be found at [its project homepage](http://kafka.apache.org/).
```
We might want to make `home page` one word; it's up to you.
